Replace controller with control node (#352)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/vmware_rest_scenarios/vm_info.rst

.. literalinclude:: task_outputs/List_the_SCSI_adapter_of_a_given_VM.task.yaml

> You can do the same for the SATA controller with ``vcenter_vm_adapter_sata_info``. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure this should change to singular.

> You can do the same for the SATA controller with ``vcenter_vm_adapter_sata_info``. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can do the same for the SATA controllers with ``vcenter_vm_adapter_sata_info``. 
```

> You can do the same for the SATA control nodes with ``vcenter_vm_adapter_sata_info``. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can do the same for the SATA controller with ``vcenter_vm_adapter_sata_info``. 
```
